Based on the above notebook and image descriptions, you are now going to determine whether this notebook is suitable for use as an introductory notebook to the dandiset.

Only fail the notebook if there are major issues. If there are only minor issues, then the notebook should be considered a pass.

Here are the criteria for passing:

1. The notebook must contain a description of the dandiset.

2. The notebook must show how to use the DANDI API to access metadata for the dandiset and list some of the files.

3. The notebook must show how to access metadata for an NWB file in the dandiset.

4. The notebook must show how to visualize data from an NWB file in the dandiset.

5. None of the plots should have any major issues. The following would be considered a major issue in a plot:
- missing data
- all zeros data
- poor formatting leading to uninterpretable displays
- serious mistakes in the plot
Even if the plot looks technically correct, if it doesn't contribute to the reader's understanding of the data, then it is a major issue. For example, if the data are all zeros, it's usually not helpful to show that.

6. The notebook must not have any major interpretations or conclusions that are not supported by the data provided.

7. The output cells must be present wherever expected. Unexpectedly empty output cells indicates that the notebook did not run. The notebook needs to have been executed in order to be considered a pass.

8. The notebook must not generate fake or simulated data as a replacement for actually loading data from the dandiset.

9. The notebook must not have major errors in cell execution (warnings are okay).

10. The notebook must not have any other major problems that would prevent it from being used as an introductory notebook to the dandiset.

You will respond with an XML block of the form

<review>
<thinking>Your rationale for the grade</thinking>
<grade>PASS|FAIL</grade>
</review>

If all the above criteria are met, then respond with a PASS grade. Otherwise respond with a FAIL grade. Be sure to justify your response in the thinking block.

Do not include any other text in your response. Just the XML block.

Note: Warnings in the output cells should not be considered to be problems unless they relate to other problems with the notebook.

Note: A disclaimer about the notebook being AI generated and not verified by a human should NOT be considered a problem.
