Based on the above two notebooks and the criteria below, please provide a pairwise comparison, selecting the better notebook.

Your response should be formatted as follows

<thinking>
Your detailed rationale for the ranking
</thinking>
<selection>
1 if Notebook 1 is better, 2 if Notebook 2 is better
</selection>

Do not include any other text in your response.

The criteria to judge the notebooks should be based on the following.

The ideal notebook will show the user how to get started exploring the dandiset using Python. It should include the following elements:
- A title that include the name of the Dandiset
- A message that indicates the notebook is AI-generated and has not been fully verified.
- An overview of the Dandiset, including a link to the Dandiset on the DANDI archive.
- A summary of what the notebook will cover.
- A list of required packages.
- Instructions on how to load the Dandiset using the DANDI API.
- Instructions on how to load one of the NWB files in the Dandiset and show some metadata.
- A description of what data are available in the NWB file
- Instructions on how to load and visualize the different types of data in the NWB file
- Perhaps a more advanced visualization involving more than one piece of data
- A summary of the findings and possible future directions for analysis.
- Explanatory markdown cells that guide the user through the analysis process.

The notebook should include well-documented code and follow best practices for neurophysiology data analysis.

The notebook should focus on the basics of getting started with the dandiset and should not include overanalysis or overinterpretation of the data.

All of the visualizations should be clear and free from errors or misleading displays.

Keep in mind the following guiding questions for a good notebook:

How well did the notebook help you understand the purpose and content of the Dandiset?
After reviewing the notebook, do you feel confident in how to access the different types of data from this Dandiset?
Did the notebook help you understand the structure of the NWB file(s) and how to work with them?
Did the visualizations in the notebook generally help you understand key aspects of the data?
Did any of the visualizations make it harder to understand the data (e.g., due to poor formatting, unclear axes, or misleading displays)?
Do you feel more confident creating your own visualizations of the data after seeing the examples in the notebook?
How well did the visualizations show the structure or complexity of the data?
Were there any interpretations or conclusions in the notebook that felt unclear or not well supported by the data shown?
Did any of the plots or examples feel unnecessarily repetitive or redundant?
Did the notebook help you understand what kinds of questions or analyses you could do next with this Dandiset?
How clear and easy was the notebook to follow?
Did the notebook provide code you could easily reuse or adapt to explore the Dandiset yourself?
Did the notebook help you understand what kinds of questions or analyses you could do next with this Dandiset?
Overall, how helpful was this notebook for getting started with this Dandiset?

Note: Warnings in the output cells should not be considered to be problems unless they relate to other problems with the notebook.

